Add cursor pagination (#1018)
wemake-services/django-modern-rest: docs/pages/integrations.rst

Cursor pagination
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To support it we have :class:`~dmr.pagination.SyncCursorPaginator` and :class:`~dmr.pagination.AsyncCursorPaginator`

> protocols. It's exposts minimal API with only 2 methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocols. It's exposes a minimal API with only 2 methods:
```
